# AzureGo
***************Project Information**********
**Golang SDK Azure Interaction 
**Problem Statement:
Design and Implement a Golang REST API application with the following Instructions,
1.	The application should interact with the Azure cloud Provider Golang SDK and must receive and accept content-type as application/json format,
a.	List all available Resource Groups.
b.	Create a Resource group.
c.	Create a network security group with the following parameters, which allows from any sources to a destination IP range ex.-10.0.0.0/24.
i.	List of ports
ii.	Protocol.
iii.	Priority.
iv.	Destination IP range
2.	Create a Dockerfile for the project.
**Application Endpoint
Created Golang RestAPI for Listing of Resource Group and called GET Method of API Methods.
Created Resource by Calling POST Method of API Methods.
Created Network Security Group by Calling POST Methods of API Methods.
**Test of Application 
localhost:8080/resources(GET Method) for listing of resources.
localhost:8080/resources/New(POST Method)for creating a resource group.
localhost:8080/resources/New1(POST Method)for creating a Network Security group.
****************************************************************************************************************************************************************
#Docker File Usage 
**Created a Dockerfile in that file 
a. Used golang:latest image for base image 
b. Set the Working Directory
c. RUN  the required  dependencies for the project
d. Copied the contents from Machine source to Working Directory
e. Exposed port on 8080 to the world.
f.Build the main.go file 
g. Started the appication by CMD command
** Build the Dockerfile by docker build . command
** Run the Dockerfile by docker run --env Azure SubscriptionId --env Azure tenantId --env Azure clientId --env Azure clientsecret with port -p 8080:8080 
-d (detach the image generated by docker build).
***************************************************************************************************************************************************************************
